The Chisholm Medical Centre is located at 1/26 Benham St Chisholm ACT 2905

We bulk bill for most Medicare eligible services.

We are appointment based.

The Chisholm Medical Centre took over operations from the 
National Health Coop that operated the Chisholm clinic on the 
same premises. Our clinicians and staff, who served you under 
the NHC for a number of years, opted to continue serving you, 
joining hands with some new faces under new management. We 
strive to deliver quality Holistic Healthcare to you, your 
family and the entire community of Chisholm, the whole of 
Tuggeranong and surrounding regions. Our clinicians offer a wide 
range of skills across General Practice. Some of our clinicians 
are experienced in skin cancer diagnosis and treatment as well 
as minor surgical procedures.

At Chisholm Medical Centre, we offer a wide range of services.
Skin Checks - Including but not limited to skin cancer diagnosis and treatment
We specalise in Geriatric Medicine and Care of the elderly
Mental Health - We provide services in Mental Health care, including Mental Health care plans

We offer Chronic Disease Management
We offer Chronic Disease Management for Diabetes, Cardiovascular disease, chronic pain, Asthma, COPD, etc.
We provide GP Management plans and Team Care Arrangements
We provide Weight loss management
We conduct Health Assessments & Health checks
We conduct 40 to 49 yr old Diabetic risk assessments
We conduct 45 to 49 yr old Health Assessments
We conduct Annual over 75 yr old Health Assessments
We offer Heart Health checks
We offer ATSI (Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander) health assessments for all age groups
We provide Family Health
We provide Men's, Women's and Children's Health

We offer Developmental Checks
We offer Immunisations
We offer Asthma & Anaphylaxis Management & Action Plans
We offer Family planning
We offer Occupational Health & Worker's Compensation

We offer Pre-employment medicals
We offer Commercial Driving Medicals
We offer Work Injury management & rehabilitation
We offer work medicals
Travel advice - Travel vaccinations (exluding yellow fever, Japanese encephalitis, TB and cholera vaccines)
Vaccinations - Vaccines are prescribed and given by our friendly team of nurses

Minor Surgical Procedures - This includes skin excisions, removal of lumps and bumps etc.

Iron Infusion Clinic - Our clinicians perform iron infusions/injections for the treatment of iron deficiency. We accept patients from other GPs for this procedure. While a referral is not required you will need to bring along your relevant blood test results (HB and Ferritin) and your prescribed iron solution. If a script is required, you will need to see one of our GPs beforehand (preferably on a different day, unless you allow sufficient time to fill the script prior to your infusion). For applicable fees, please click here.

Medical Services include Iron Infusion
Medical Services include Cryotherapy
Wound care and dressings
Onsite Services include Pathology services by Laverty Pathology
Onsite Services include Physiotherapy & Dietetics Services

Female Doctor/General Practitioner (GP) Dr Mahira Sarpi

Male Doctor/General Practitioner (GP) Dr Eugene Tshibangu MD, MFamMed, FRACGP

Male Doctor/General Practitioner (GP) Dr Karim Ahmed

Male Physio/Physiotherapist Dr Diaa Attallah 

Dietician Ms Emily Robinson 

Implanon Insertion	$180.00
Implanon Removal	$200.00
Implanon Replacement (same day removal & insertion)	$260.00
Mirena Removal	$160.00
Suturing of superficial Laceration – small (size < 7 cm)	$160.00
Suturing of Superficial laceration – Medium-Large (size > 7 cm)	$210.00
Suturing of Superficial Laceration – small (size < 7 cm) – Face or neck	$200.00
Suturing of Superficial laceration – Medium-Large (size > 7 cm) – Face or neck	$240.00
Suturing Deep of Laceration – small (size < 7 cm)	$230.00
Suturing of Deep laceration – Medium-Large (size > 7 cm)	$320.00
Suturing of Deep Laceration – small (size < 7 cm) – Face or neck	$260.00
Suturing of Deep laceration – Medium-Large (size > 7 cm) – Face or neck	$340.00
Repair of full thickness wound of ear, nose, eyelid or lip	$400.00
I&D of abscesses, haematoma, furuncle	$180.00
Hydrocele taping or similar	$180.00
Removal of superficial FB	$180.00
Removal of subcutaneous FB	$270.00
Wedges resection of Toenail or fingernail	$300.00
Radical resection of toenail	$350.00
Iron Infusion	$250.00
Iron Injection 	$175.00
Cryotherapy short	$85.00
Cryotherapy long	$125.00

Brief consultation < 6 minutes - $50 - rebate $17.90 - out of pocket $31.10 concession $40 concession out of pocket $21.10
Standard Consultation < 20 minutes $85 $39.75 $45.25 $65 $20.25
Long consultation 20-30 minutes $125 $75.75 $49.25 $105 $29.25
Long Consultation 30-40 minutes $140 $75.75 $64.25 $120 $44.25
Prolonged consultation: >40 minutes $160 $111.50 $48.50 $140 $28.50
Mental Health consultation at least 20 min $125 $74.60 $50.40 $105

We are now open 8:30am to 7:00pm Monday to Thursday.
8:30am to 5:00pm Friday, 9:00am to 3:00pm on Saturday and 9:00am to 1:00pm on Public holidays.

Appointments can be booked here or via the Hot Doc App, or by calling our reception desk
bulk billing not available after hours (Mon to Friday after 6:00 pm, Saturday after 1:00 pm), on Sundays or Public Holidays. Concession fees available during these times for Children under 16 and Concession card holders.
We offer the Pfizer and AstraZeneca COVID-19 vaccines. Appointments can be made online, via the HotDoc App or by phone.


Karim Ahmed is a Fellow of the Royal Australian College of GPs with many years of experience. Prior to joining the Chisholm Medical Centre, he worked as a GP on the Central Coast of NSW. He completed his initial medical training in Egypt, followed by further studies and clinical work experience in Canada. He obtained the Licentiate of the Medical Council of Canada (LMCC) in 2014, before relocating to Australia in 2016.
He sees all general practice patients, but has a special interest in Diabetes management.
He speaks fluent English and Arabic.

Eugene is a Fellow of the Royal Australian College of GPs who commenced his employment with the National Health Co-op as a registered General Practitioner in 2013, following extensive work experience and training in Central and Southern Africa, and stayed on at the Chisholm Medical Centre under new management.
Prior to joining the National Health Co-op, Eugene practiced as a family physician and medical manager in South Africa.
His additional qualifications include a Postgraduate Diploma in Obstetrics in South Africa, and a Master's Degree in Family Medicine from the University of Pretoria in South Africa. Eugene also holds a Certificate in Skin Cancer Medicine from the Skin Cancer College Australasia and a Certificate in Clinical Occupational Medicine from Monash University .
He speaks English and French.

Dr Diaa Attallah is a professional Physiotherapist with a wide experience in musculoskeletal conditions, having been an Orthopaedic surgeon and Rehabilitation specialist for more than 20 years.
Prior to completing a Bachelor of Physiotherapy at the University of Canberra, Diaa completed a bachelor’s degree of Medicine and Surgery at Cairo University, Egypt, followed by a Master degree in Orthopaedic surgery at the same University in 2004, and later a second Master degree in Orthopaedic and Rehabilitation from Dundee University, Scotland in 2016.
His experience in treating musculoskeletal conditions spans over more than 20 years of practice in Egypt, Scotland, the USA and Australia.
Diaa has a genuine commitment to your wellbeing and to achieving faster recovery and lasting results.
He has excellent skills in the assessment, diagnosis and treatment of musculoskeletal conditions, including:
Back and neck pain, Arthritic joint pain and injuries, Sport and non-sport related injuries Post operative rehabilitation, both immediate and long term, following joint replacement
He is also experienced in dealing with persons with disabilities.

Recently graduated from the University of Canberra with a master’s degree of Nutrition and Dietetics, Emily is a Credentialed practising Dietitian who combines her love for eating and cooking with a desire to help people. Her extensive training included placements in hospital and community-based settings.
She uses her experience and knowledge to assist clients create practical goals to improve their health and general well-being as well as address any specific individual nutrition needs, they may have.

Phone - 02 5112 2248
Fax - 02 5112 2247
Email address - reception@chisholmmedicalcentre.com.au

We see patients by appointments.
We normally require people to make a booking but we can sometimes help if you walk into the centre. Priority is given to people who have made a booking.
Appointments can be booked online via our website or the Hotdoc App, by phone or in person at our reception desk.
Some appointments are reserved as emergency appointments and only become available on the day.
If unable to get an appointment on a specific day, call our friendly receptionist as soon as possible on the day as they may be able to help you book one of these appointments.
Our appointment system caters for urgent, non-urgent, complex, planned chronic care and preventative healthcare. If you need more time with your GP, please book a long consultations.
Urgent appointments will be triaged by the nurse on duty and seen by the next available GP. Please advise reception if you believe you require an urgent appointment.
If you only require nursing procedure with one of our nurses without a GP appointment, please call us and speak to our friendly receptionist. These are done under the supervision of our GP's.
For childhood immunisation, an appointment with the nurse is required in addition to one of our GP. Please call reception to book.

Some of our GPs are skilled and experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of skin cancers.
They perform skin checks and various skin procedures.
If you would like to have a full skin check or have one or more skin lesions checked, please book and appointment with one of our GPs.